Where are you going?
I'm going to the restaurant.
Here it is.
There's no chair.
I want to eat soba, but I need a chair.
I don't use chairs in Toho.
I sit and eat.
It's a Japanese custom.
It's not good for digestion.
I eat soba with a chair.
It's not very interesting.
I eat at home.
It's a good meal.
What is it?
Is it best to stand up and eat?
Standing up is bad for your health.
It's a good meal.
It's the same for the restaurant.
What are you eating?
I don't care.
I'm hungry.
I'll have a few bites.
One sake.
There's a wish list.
Write down the number of the wish.
The number of meals and the number of the year.
Write down the date of the celebration.
Write down the date of the ceremony.
I don't know if you understand.
I'm sorry.
I see.
One sake.
How many liters of sake is one?
What?
Usually, the number of sake is decided.
One or two.
In the Toho region,
we use the meter.
I don't know the liter or the liter.
How much is one liter?
About 500 yen.
I see.
I don't drink cheap coffee.
I drink coffee.
As a rule of the Toho region,
one person is determined by half a liter.
If there is anything that can be improved,
the police will be a little...
No, no.
Then, let's have one liter each.
If you put it in at once, it will cool down.
You can't put it in one by one.
Toho can't do that.
What?
You're getting old.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what to do.
I want to be quick.
One liter of sake.
Two liters?
Yes, two liters.
I don't want to help people.
What should I do?
In the Toho region,
the financial situation is difficult.
You should be a citizen.
How about two or three liters?
What?
Do you sell it in the afternoon?
I'm not in a good mood.
I have a bad stomach.
I have a bad temper.
If I drink too much,
I'll be sick.
I don't care.
If I have something to eat,
I'll be fine.
If I have something to drink,
Then, I'll go to the fire station.
I'll say,
I'm hungry.
I'm a citizen.
I don't want to be a citizen.
I'm hungry.
I'll wait.